README.md, before:

# LVL99

v1.1.0

My own personal frontend framework. Primarily uses jQuery, mildly inspired by Bootstrap and Ember.js and also has
nothing to do with React. I also use it as a self-learning and development exercise experiment.

* JavaScript is written in Node.js compatible ES6 (no features requiring `--harmony` switch)
* I use StandardJS for coding style
* I like how simple LESS is; I dislike how bloated SCSS is


## Install

Include the `lvl99` npm package in your `npm` project: 

```bash
  npm install --save-dev lvl99
```


### Use within JavaScript

Require/import the `lvl99` module in your JavaScript:

```javascript
  const lvl99 = require('lvl99')
```

You can also require/import single files if you don't want the whole JS framework:

```javascript
  // Require whatever part of the framework you desire
  // Breakpoints needs to be initialised with defined sizes
  const breakpoints = require('lvl99/es6/tools/breakpoints')({
    'desktop': [1024, 99999],
    'tablet':  [600, 1024],
    'mobile':  [0, 600]
  })
```


### Use within LESS

Import the `lvl99.less` file in your LESS:

```less
  @import 'path/to/node_modules/lvl99/less/lvl99.less';
```

You can also require/import single files if you don't want the whole LESS framework:

```less
  @import 'path/to/node_modules/lvl99/less/mixins.less';
```


## Architecture

@TODO!


## Folder structure

```bash
  # Javascript (ES6 flavoured)
  es6/
    core/
      app.js                  # The app class 
      component.js            # The component class that all other components inherit
      entity.js               # The base entity class that all other classes inherit from
      index.js                # All core modules in one
    components/
      accordion.js
      index.js                # All component modules in one
      modal.js
      spinner.js 
      toggleable.js 
    tools/
      breakpoints.js          # Test for breakpoints in JS
      index.js                # All tools modules in one
      queue.js                # Basic debounce queue for actions
      trackevent.js           # Cache GA event tracking until GA object loaded
    utils/
      index.js                # All utils modules in one
      parse.js                # Some parsing functions like type coercion, etc.
      super.js                # Ember implementation of super behaviour
    common.js                 # Basic common used dependencies and variables
    index.js                  # All modules in one
    
  # LESS
  less/
    components/               # Component mixins
      accordion.less 
      modal.less
      spinner.less
      toggleable.less
    mixins/                   # Generic mixins
      align.less              # Margin, text, float alignment
      clearfix.less
      flex.less               # Some flex bits like columns, grid, alignment, etc.
      gradients.less
      grid.less               # Scaffolding
      inline-svg-code.less    # Quick way to embed SVG code directly in CSS
      inputs.less             # Form inputs like custom checkbox, radio, switch
      lists.less
      overflow.less
      position.less         
      responsive.less         # Size images to max width/height, plus show/hide elements based on breakpoints
      screen-reader.less
      spacing.less            # Remove top/bottom spacing within elements
    components.less           # All components in one
    lvl99.less                # All modules in one
    mixins.less               # All mixins in one
```


## Dependencies

* **jQuery**: browser events, cross-browser implementations, etc.
* **object-path**: good for testing on deep-nested objects
* **lodash.merge**: deep object extend
* **uuid**: unique ID generation


## Dev Dependencies

* **Jest**: unit testing


## TODO

* Complete the README
* Write more unit tests
* Write more documentation throughout source


## Contribute

What? Really? Are you sure? Aren't there other frameworks more worth your time?


## [Changelog](CHANGELOG.md)

### 1.2.0

@TODO before release


## [License](LICENSE.md)

MIT

Commit message:

fixed import/exports on super util

README.md, after:

# LVL99

v1.2.0

My own personal frontend framework. Primarily uses jQuery, mildly inspired by Bootstrap and Ember.js and also has
nothing to do with React. I also use it as a self-learning and development exercise experiment.

* JavaScript is written in Node.js compatible ES6 (no features requiring `--harmony` switch)
* I use StandardJS for coding style
* I like how simple LESS is; I dislike how bloated SCSS is


## Install

Include the `lvl99` npm package in your `npm` project: 

```bash
  npm install --save-dev lvl99
```


### Use within JavaScript

Require/import the `lvl99` module in your JavaScript:

```javascript
  const lvl99 = require('lvl99')
```

You can also require/import single files if you don't want the whole JS framework:

```javascript
  // Require whatever part of the framework you desire
  // Breakpoints needs to be initialised with defined sizes
  const breakpoints = require('lvl99/es6/tools/breakpoints')({
    'desktop': [1024, 99999],
    'tablet':  [600, 1024],
    'mobile':  [0, 600]
  })
```


### Use within LESS

Import the `lvl99.less` file in your LESS:

```less
  @import 'path/to/node_modules/lvl99/less/lvl99.less';
```

You can also require/import single files if you don't want the whole LESS framework:

```less
  @import 'path/to/node_modules/lvl99/less/mixins.less';
```


## Architecture

@TODO!


## Folder structure

```bash
  # Javascript (ES6 flavoured)
  es6/
    core/
      app.js                  # The app class 
      component.js            # The component class that all other components inherit
      entity.js               # The base entity class that all other classes inherit from
      index.js                # All core modules in one
    components/
      accordion.js
      index.js                # All component modules in one
      modal.js
      spinner.js 
      toggleable.js 
    tools/
      breakpoints.js          # Test for breakpoints in JS
      index.js                # All tools modules in one
      queue.js                # Basic debounce queue for actions
      trackevent.js           # Cache GA event tracking until GA object loaded
    utils/
      index.js                # All utils modules in one
      parse.js                # Some parsing functions like type coercion, etc.
      super.js                # Ember implementation of super behaviour
    common.js                 # Basic common used dependencies and variables
    index.js                  # All modules in one
    
  # LESS
  less/
    components/               # Component mixins
      accordion.less 
      modal.less
      spinner.less
      toggleable.less
    mixins/                   # Generic mixins
      align.less              # Margin, text, float alignment
      clearfix.less
      flex.less               # Some flex bits like columns, grid, alignment, etc.
      gradients.less
      grid.less               # Scaffolding
      inline-svg-code.less    # Quick way to embed SVG code directly in CSS
      inputs.less             # Form inputs like custom checkbox, radio, switch
      lists.less
      overflow.less
      position.less         
      responsive.less         # Size images to max width/height, plus show/hide elements based on breakpoints
      screen-reader.less
      spacing.less            # Remove top/bottom spacing within elements
    components.less           # All components in one
    lvl99.less                # All modules in one
    mixins.less               # All mixins in one
```


## Dependencies

* **jQuery**: browser events, cross-browser implementations, etc.
* **object-path**: good for testing on deep-nested objects
* **lodash.merge**: deep object extend
* **uuid**: unique ID generation


## Dev Dependencies

* **Jest**: unit testing


## TODO

* Complete the README
* Write more unit tests
* Write more documentation throughout source


## Contribute

What? Really? Are you sure? Aren't there other frameworks more worth your time?


## [Changelog](CHANGELOG.md)

### 1.2.0

* Refactored the [`Queue`](es6/tools/queue.js) tool (changed behaviour of `add` and `sync`) and added some extra
  functionality (`queue`, `play`, `pause`, `getActionByLabel`, `getTimerDelay`, `setTimerDelay`, `getQueueLength` and
  `checkStatus`)
* Fixed imports/exports on [`super`](es6/utils/super.js)


## [License](LICENSE.md)

MIT
